Add Umbraco Commerce: Buckaroo payment provider docs (#5651)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: commerce-add-ons/payment-providers/buckaroo/README.md

---
description: Getting Started with the Buckaroo payment provider for Umbraco Commerce.
---

# Overview

> The Buckaroo payment provider adds functionality to capture payments via the [Buckaroo](https://buckaroo.com) payment gateway. It is a fully featured payment provider allowing full control of the payment flow directly from the Umbraco Commerce backoffice.

Reviewer: the link is not working so I have found this one instead:
```suggestion
The Buckaroo payment provider adds functionality to capture payments via the [Buckaroo](https://www.buckaroo.eu/) payment gateway. It is a fully featured payment provider allowing full control of the payment flow directly from the Umbraco Commerce backoffice.
```

## [Install Buckaroo](../install-payment-providers.md)

## In this Section

In this section, we will guide you through the key steps necessary to get you started with the Buckaroo payment provider for Umbraco Commerce.

> It is assumed that before we begin that you already have an Umbraco website configured and Umbraco Commerce installed. If you are not at this stage yet, please read the [core Umbraco Commerce documentation](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-commerce/) to learn how to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is assumed that before we begin you already have an Umbraco website configured and Umbraco Commerce installed. If you are not at this stage yet, please read the [core Umbraco Commerce documentation](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-commerce/) to learn how to get started.
```

## Useful links

Below are a few useful links that might come in handy should you wish to learn more about the provider itself, and the Buckaroo API.

* [Payment provider source code](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.PaymentProviders.Buckaroo)

> * [Payment provider issue tracker](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.PaymentProviders.Buckaroo/issues)

Reviewer: those links do not work. @mattbrailsford will these links be available in the future?

Author: @alina-tincas  yes, they will be available in the future. The repository is private right now.

Reviewer 2: Once the repo is made public yes they will 👍
